(The following content may not be suitable for viewers under 15.)
(Viewer discretion is advised.)
(2004, Newlywed days)
This is...
too strong, so I'll take it out.
Let's see.
This will damage her stomach,
so that's gone too.
The rest of them seems all right.
Okay.
What are you doing?
Me?
I left only the pill that you really need,
so take only these.
It'll be worse for you to develop a tolerance to these.
Okay?
Honey, you're the only one who cares about my health.
You're better than my doctor.
Of course.
A doctor is someone who cares for your immediate pain.
I'm someone who will be with you for life.
Right?
Thank you.
Don't mention it.
That was pretty cool.
- Was it? - Yes.
(Year 2017)
You said you have anemia again.
- Yes. - I took out...
all the pills that give you anemia, so take this.
Are you listening to me?
Okay.
At one point in life, we begin to take somethings for granted...
because we get comfortable and used to them.
Hey, wait.
Take that shirt off.
The cuffs are dirty.
Come in, and get changed.
It's too troublesome.
It's okay to wear the same shirt for two days.
People will talk if they see that.
Why would you wear that...
when you have a clean shirt here?
Come back in.
- Come on. - I...
I'm late...
- We live on considering... - Darn it.
the kindness of our love...
and the happiness I have...
are something I deserve and took them for granted.
Mom, come on.
We're late.
But we only realize this...
after we lose everything.
Even someone's existence itself...
was not...
supposed to be taken for granted.
(Episode 10, You can't take anything for granted.)
(Year 1999, Gangneung)
What's with you?
You're up early.
You're up.
Gosh, I couldn't sleep...
because I didn't want to waste time.
Do you remember this place?
Somewhat.
Weren't there fireflies around here?
Is that so?
I heard you were looking for me last night.
Yes.
Did you go somewhere?
Yes, I went out for a walk.
I'm not sure if the air is fresh because it's the countryside...
or because it's in the past.
Do you like it?
Yes, I do.
That's good, then.
What's good?
In the end, you saw them, so that's good.
And I'm glad you like the air.
What are you doing, Sul?
Oh, I was organizing the things in the car.
Sul, you're so organized. Thanks.
It looked like you were really drunk yesterday.
I hope you didn't get into any trouble again.
I never cause any trouble.
I shouldn't be asking you.
Hey, both of you. Make sure you check...
if everything is fine.
See if anything is broken.
What's he saying?
It looks like we were good.
Let's eat.
What's all this?
Before we go,
can you call the kids and... Wait, what? 3, 6, 9...
What's with my phone?
Three...
I feel bad for you guys too.
I'll free you.
One.
Two.
Seven.
Chun Sul.
I have no idea why I did that.
I didn't do that on purpose.
What is with you?
Why?
Come here. Hey!
Come back here! You!
You!
They might end up dating. They're a good match.
Sul can do much better.
Give that to me!
You're right.
Hey.
You didn't shave yourself clean again.
Goodness, you and your impatience.
It's not that I didn't want to.
This age doesn't have a six-blade razor.
The razor isn't good enough.
People who can't do it right...
always blames the equipment.
The six-blade razor.
Hey...
Goodness, Jin Joo is always so worried about me.
Jin Joo!
I'll shave myself clean next time, okay?
I'll see you at school.
- Okay, sure. - Hurry up and get in.
Drive safely, and see you at school.
What?
Sure.
What's going on?
Oh, we have too much stuff,
so we don't have a seat for you.
What are you talking about? We put everything in...
Gosh, I was still talking.
Jin Joo, we have too much stuff here,
so you should get a ride from Nam Gil.
Please give her a ride, Nam Gil.
Hey, what are you talking about? We do have a seat.
Jin Joo, get in.
We do have a seat.
Yes, it'll be boring to drive all by himself.
He can use someone to talk to.
He doesn't need anyone to talk to.
He's not an old man.
Jin Joo, get in.
Hey.
Why did you bring back the stuff that were in the trunk?
He's right.
We could've made a seat for Jin Joo.
The trunk is completely empty.
Gosh, you fools.
Great job, Sul.
You're like Cupid.
You were born with the talent.
Jin Joo should meet a good guy for once...
to be happy.
She's still young.
Yes, for once.
Wait, did she date anyone else before?
These are...
There are so many fireflies,
aren't there?
Well...
Shall we go back now?
We should drink.
Alcohol.
Let's go drink.
Thanks.
Pardon?
Thanks for coming with me.
Don't mention it.
Driving a long distance...
makes you tired and drowsy.
Thanks to you I'm getting a comfortable ride.
Well...
Is it clean?
What? What's clean?
I'm not sure if I'm clean shaven.
Shaving? Let me see.
Yes, it's clean.
Really?
I see.
If you're tired, take a nap.
I'd be ill-manner to sleep next to a driver.
You'll get sleepy too.
I'm fine.
A massive number of people gathered...
at Gimpo Airport this afternoon where the the King of Pop..
Michael Jackson arrived.
That amazing figure actually came to Korea.
I know.
They say a singer like that is only born once in a century.
It's incredible to live in the same era as him.
Incredible?
You're more incredible to me, Mom.
These days you only say the nicest things.
Like this. Is it like this?
Is it like this?
I think I can do it.
- Like this. - Gosh.
- Like this. - Goodness.
Right?
- Like this. - Yes, like this.
- Right? - Gosh.
You're good.
Not like this.
Then like this?
Are you riding a bike?
Like so.
I'm doing it, right?
Drink this before you go.
Why didn't you use a blender?
And why did you peel the carrots? It's too much work.
It's not delicious when I use the blender.
You and Eun Joo don't like the peels in your juice.
That's why peeled them.
It's good.
It's delicious.
Eun Joo, drink this before you go.
No, I'm not hungry.
Drink it.
Force it down.
You shouldn't skip breakfast.
- I said I don't want it. - Goodness.
Why you...
- Mom, see you. - Bye.
Goodness.
Ma Eun Joo.
Don't call me like that.
We need to talk.
About what?
Hey, I'm your older sister.
You should talk to me nicely.
Okay, Eun Joo.
All right, that's better.
What is it?
Can't you be nicer to Mom?
I'm saying this because I'm really worried about you.
What are you saying?
Do you think Mom will be with us forever?
No.
You sound like an old lady. What's wrong with you?
Nobody else in the world...
but Mom would peel carrots to make juice,
and prepare breakfast for us.
There's nobody else but my mom.
Do you think your husband will do that for you?
Or your children?
Hey.
Are you worried that Mom would pass away?
There is nothing in this world that can't happen to us.
I don't want you to regret it later.
Don't cry.
Eun Joo.
Eun Joo...
What's wrong with you today?
Time slip.
Earthquake?
Yes.
Not the earthquake records, but predictions.
When will there be another earthquake in Seoul?
He's calling the National Weather Service, right?
This isn't Japan. Why would Korea have an earthquake?
I thought he was back to normal,
but he's back to acting all crazy and weird again.
You don't know?
Okay.
Why isn't anyone prepared?
There's no place on earth that is safe from earthquakes.
Why do people come to senses only after a disaster happens?
- Where are you going? - Library.
Library?
He really is crazy.
(The Physics of Star Trek, Labyrinth of Time)
("Is Everything Determined?" by Stephen Hawking)
Based on a scientific theory,
Stephen Hawking described that it was possible...
to travel back in time and correct your past.
He asserts that time travelling is possible...
through warping of the space-time.
What does that mean?
"From Galileo to Terminator."
Na Bi.
Meow.
Where is she?
What are you having...
alone?
It's my breakfast.
What about you? Is that your breakfast?
There's a cat I know that comes here.
But today...
you are here.
Is that for that cat? Is it a stray cat?
Yes.
Maybe she's lost. Maybe something happened to her.
She's always crying...
like someone.
Like who?
Goodness.
Your stomach is telling me you want to eat this.
Gosh.
Here.
You should feed yourself before you feed the cat.
No. I don't usually eat breakfast.
I don't believe that. So eat this.
You shouldn't skip breakfast. Students need energy to study.
I'm taking this not because I want it,
but because you gave it to me.
Okay.
Eat up.
Goodness.
You're eating well.
It's delicious.
Are you hurt?
No, it's nothing.
You should go first. I need a moment.
What's wrong?
She's going to be in pain for a while.
Gosh, I don't have any.
Gosh, how can this be?
What should I do?
I'm in a big trouble.
Thanks.
I want to go there again.
- I miss the beach. - The roasted clam.
The shrimp snack.
Gosh.
(Ma Jin Joo)
Why aren't they picking up?
Gosh, it's driving me crazy.
Give me a medicine that eases cramps.
This works well.
She has a weak stomach.
I need one with acetaminophen,
not ibuprofen.
Wait a moment.
Here.
Thank you.
Wait a moment.
- Hello? - It's me.
Can you buy me one of those?
I will.
Wait a moment.
I'll have this one too.
This one too?
Yes, all right.
Wait a moment.
This one's not wing-shaped.
I'll have this one.
- This one? - Yes.
How much is it? Thank you.
(Pharmacy)
Choi Ban Do is probably sleeping in the library...
so that he can skip class.
- Hey. - What?
He's over there.
What is he doing there?
How can anyone sleep at the construction site?
I know, right? We're probably the first ones to do that.
Gosh.
Hey, Ma... Ma Jin Joo.
How can I get inside?
What are you doing here, pervert?
This scum must be troubled with his sexuality.
Is this yours?
Gosh.
Why would you push me like that?
It's embarrassing.
It's wing-shaped.
What's this? Is this a challenge?
Hey!
Don't look at me like that.
Ma Jin Joo is inside. Give it to her.
What?
I can't figure him out.
Go Dok Jae.
Gosh, that was so embarrassing.
Gosh.
Are you in a lot of pain?
Should we buy you something?
No, it's fine.
Go, and eat.
Are you sure?
Then take a rest here. We'll be quick.
All right.
You should take your time.
I'm fine.
- We'll be back soon. - Bye.
Hey.
I knew you'd be like that.
How many times do I need to tell you you should take pills with water?
Stop telling me what to do like an old man.
You are worse.
Are you all right?
Do I look all right?
It hurts so much.
Rest your face here.
Gosh, it's fine.
Someone might see us.
So what if someone sees us?
Did we commit a crime or something?
Shall we kiss?
Are you out of your mind?
This is something...
we should feel guilty about.
Gosh, you're acting like such an old man.
I'm not the only one who's old.
You're old too.
I guess becoming younger...
didn't take away your cramps.
I may be younger, but I'm still a woman.
You're right.
If you keep taking pills, you'll become immune to it.
This chronic disease doesn't seem to get better.
Does it hurt?
Yes, it hurts.
[VIU Ver] E10 Go Back Couple "You Can't Take Anything For Granted"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Don't you have class?
It's fine. I'm too old to take classes.
Hey, let's have that one.
- It's so cool. - It's great.
- Did you see that? - Yes.
High school students nowadays are so pretty.
You're pretty too.
What?
You are 18 years younger.
Of course you're pretty.
Give me a cigarette.
Be quiet.
- You ask for one every time. - Just give me one.
You should bring yours.
- Yes. - Give one to him too.
- All right. - I don't smoke this.
I want to have my nails done.
Your nails?
- Gosh. - I'm sorry.
Hey, look! I bought it.
- Really? - It was a success.
These scums...
Hey.
Don't. You'll get in trouble.
Let's just go.
No, if they start smoking,
their lungs will rot.
Please.
You know how scary children are nowadays.
You have a family now.
You can't act like you aren't afraid of anything...
like you did when you were young.
If something happens to you, I'll become a widow.
Remember that.
Don't say that.
Why would you say it like that?
Let's go, okay?
- All right. - Let's go.
- Don't. - Gosh, these scums.
- All right. - He doesn't smoke.
Okay.
Wasn't it weird during P.E.?
Stop it. You guys always make fun of me.
Because you made a mistake.
- Darn it. - Look at your legs.
What did I ever do to you?
Hey, remember to breathe.
You breathe.
It doesn't matter if we have the body parts.
We never made a use of it.
I envy you.
For what, you idiot?
You have a girlfriend.
You idiot.
- Stop. - Why?
Why did you stop it?
You just imagined her, didn't you?
Bo Reum isn't like that.
Do you have the stuff?
I do!
What is it?
Let's get ready.
This isn't something you can watch every day.
Okay, are you ready?
Let's go.
Hey.
Is this supposed to be like this?
Goodness, you kids. You're all so naive.
What's that supposed to mean? It sounds like you know stuff.
It's not that I sound like it. I do know this stuff.
What? Wait.
Haven't you done it yet? You even have a boyfriend.
I see you're against premarital sex, that's so old-fashioned.
Hey, no.
What are you talking about?
Hey.
Bo Reum isn't a cultural asset. You don't have to protect her.
I am going to protect her!
Darn it, I can't even make use of myself.
You're disgusting.
The emperor of pop music, Michael Jackson's concert...
in Korea will be held today.
My heart flows away like the water
Maybe I'll lie on the ocean to be a lonely water bird
Does the port know the deep thoughts of the waves?
Mom.
Do you want to go to the karaoke?
Right now?
In the middle of the day?
Are we going to the karaoke?
I want to go too.
What? Karaoke?
Sounds great.
Like this, this, and this.
Let's go to the karaoke.
Go, and get changed. And this!
- Look at me. - Yes!
Come on, Dad.
- You're so good. - Like this, this.
Dad, that hurts.
(Ballet and B-boying)
What's this?
Do you remember the B-boys that I danced with before?
Yes, the time when I pushed you, right?
The same B-boys came to find me.
They wanted to perform together.
Really?
Wow, that's awesome.
I'm so glad.
I'll continue to do ballet,
and I want to perform with them too.
Come, and watch us.
Of course. Of course, I'll be there.
Remember.
I helped you get this gig. Don't you forget.
I know.
It's tomorrow.
Hello?
Ban Do, where are you?
Me? Seo Young has a show, so I'm on my way to see that.
Darn it, Jae Woo is on a date too. I'm really bored.
I'm so bored.
Darn you.
My gosh.
Hi. Are you going somewhere?
Oh, hello.
Yes.
To some place. Right now.
Yes, I have to go. Goodbye.
What is this? Why is she following me?
Darn it.
Oh, right.
That girl who was with you. Ma Jin Joo from history major.
Is she okay?
I heard this from the medical students.
It looked like Hyun Seok found her that day and harassed her.
I heard he hit her.
All right! We're at a karaoke.
I guess these places are still around.
Why isn't Jin Joo coming?
You're right. Where is she?
Ta-da.
Goodness.
We can't sing without some beer.
- Wow. - A midday drink.
Wow, Jin Joo. You're ready to have some fun.
- This doesn't happen every day. - One for you.
Mom, sing something first.
What's with you?
I can't sing in the middle of the day.
My voice is gone. I can't sing.
You should sing.
Come on.
Honey, you can do it.
Let's make a toast.
- Okay, then. - All right.
- Cheers. - Cheers.
("To the Land of Happiness" by Han Dae Soo)
Lift up the veils and with your tiny eyes
Let us look at this world
Open the windows, and let us feel
The light breeze one more time
My dear, will you leave me?
After you gave me so much sorrow
Can you not love me?
I really love you
Even if you leave me
I heard this from the medical students.
It looked like Hyun Seok found her that day and harassed her.
I heard he hit her.
Park Hyun Seok!
What is wrong with you?
Do you think I let you win before because I'm that weak?
How dare you touch her?
How dare you?
How...
dare you?
You should be happy that I'm not Doctor Park.
Does he still make you manage his mistresses?
Well, I guess so.
That really hurts.
Oh, I didn't do that on purpose.
Are you insane?
How dare you touch her?
I really like you.
Doctor Park. Doctor Park.
Darn it.
If you keep doing this,
I'm going to cut off all of your medicine.
I'm sorry.
Keep it up, okay?
How...
dare you?
Let go! Let me go!
Let go!
How dare you!
("Until the Day I Love You " by Kim Jong Hwan)
Love lives in destiny
Love lives in it always
Because I love you
I exist
Only if I could live for you
I want to give you
All my tears
It's not like we'd live For hundreds of years
How can our parents still be...
so much in love?
What?
I will live for you
Encore!
I got to sing only one song.
Come on.
- You gave the microphone to Mom. - Good night.
- Take care. - Bye.
- Hey. - You were so good.
I asked you earlier...
- Wait a minute. - Okay.
Your mom is such a great singer.
Isn't she?
(Happy Karaoke)
I never saw anyone crazier than me before I met you.
I guess he didn't fight back because he did something wrong.
Just when I thought you were done being crazy,
you go ahead and cause a huge mess.
Ban Do.
He'll become a doctor in the future.
He's going to save more than a thousand lives.
Why did you beat up a guy like that to a pulp?
Whether he save a thousand lives...
or 10,000 lives,
that is none of my business.
It is also none my business.
I was just saying.
Well...
Did you go home okay last night?
Why do you carry a phone...
when you don't even answer it?
Did you call?
I didn't know.
Why did you call?
Dr. Park...
No. Never mind.
What about Dr. Park?
Keep talking.
I called you because something happened.
I shouldn't have had my hopes up.
What do you mean?
You were never there when I needed you.
Gosh, Michael Jackson is awesome. The concert was amazing.
I know! When will he come back next time?
Will he be back next year?
Is it locked?
Yes, it is.
What do we do?
Isn't it uncomfortable to sleep on the floor?
No, I like sleeping on the floor.
This is what I like.
You don't say.
You still haven't? But you have a boyfriend.
I see you're against premarital sex,
that's so old-fashioned.
What?
He's not interested at all.
Until the day When the East Sea's waters
And Mt. Baekdu are dry And worn away
God protect and preserve us
Long live our nation
What?
I need to go buy something.
Where is he going at this time of the night?
Goodness.
What?
No way.
What am I going to do?
That's cold.
What?
Did I wake you up?
I'm sorry.
I'm all for cheerleading,
except for getting scrapes.
You're so good.
(Happy Karaoke, Mom's voice)
(Dear Mom)
(Grapes)
What is this?
Grapes.
I know that.
Why...
am I like this?
Why can't I...
do anything right?
I've always been...
sincere.
I always tried my best.
But like 10 years ago today,
everything is a mess.
Over here!
- Go home. - Yes, sir.
- Good night, sir. - Hey, Manager Choi.
Come to my hospital...
with your drugs.
Do you mean it, sir?
- I'll be going now. - Thank you, sir!
Good bye, sir.
Yes.
Hey! Hey! Hey!
Ready or not, rock-paper-scissors.
What are you doing?
Get up.
- Gosh. - These scums.
- Stand up. - Give me a cigarette.
Hey!
Scums.
Hey, the one on the ground, come here.
- Hey, what are you doing? - It's fine. Come here.
- Come here. - Gosh.
- He should just leave quietly. - What's he doing?
- Gosh. - Are you all right?
You should go home.
Look at him.
Scums.
Where did you learn to bully your friends like that?
I don't care whether you drink or smoke...
because it's your body.
But don't bully your friends.
What's he saying?
- He should have just left. - Gosh.
- Just go. - Gosh.
Yes?
Choi Ban Do.
Please come quickly.
Ban Do, come quickly.
I'm going.
Hey, old man.
You need to have a word with me.
- Gosh. - Stop.
- Hello? - You scum.
- Gosh. - Shut it.
Hello?
- Stop it. - What's wrong?
What's wrong, honey?
What's wrong? What's happening?
What should I do? What should I do?
Mom.
What should I do?
Wait a moment. Wait a moment. I just need to speak to him.
I really need to go right now.
You hit them too. You can't.
Detective, I really need to go. Please.
Gosh.
- What are you doing? - Pull him away.
- I really need to go now. - Gosh.
I have somewhere else to be.
Please, Detective. Please, I need to go.
Let me go. Let me go!
Let me go!
Why do you do this all the time?
Why did you do this?
Why did you have to do this?
Because of you...
she died before she had a chance to look at me one last time.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, Mother-in-law.
I'm so sorry.
I'm sorry.
I've tried so hard...
so that I could lead a happy life.
Why do I always have to be sorry?
Why am I always apologizing?
I missed my mother-in-law...
just as much as you did.
I missed my mother-in-law just as much as you did.
What's this about?
Mom.
The King of Pop, Michael Jackson, died today at his house.
On June 25, 1999, 10 years ago today,
he had a concert here in Korea.
A lot of Korean fans are concerned about his death.
- This doesn't make sense. - Gosh.
(Michael Jackson's Sudden Death Shocks People. Why?)
The day my mom, who was like the universe to me, disappeared,
the rest of the world was paying attention to something else.
And my sorrow seemed to be ignored just like that,
as something petty and normal,
even to the closest person.
(Three months after Eun Sook's funeral)
I'm home.
Guess what I bought for you.
Ta-da!
I bought pork slices that you like.
Don't you like it?
Stay right there.
I'll change my clothes and prepare them for you.
All right? Stay right there.